---
title: "C. Viper (UMVC3)"
slug:  "C._Viper_(UMVC3)"
id: 2966
author: "ALX"
---

# C. Viper (UMVC3)

.

<center>

**EN TRAVAUX**

</center>

## Crimson Viper

![](/images/Umvc3_viper_face.jpg‎ "/images/Umvc3_viper_face.jpg‎") The
woman codenamed Crimson Viper is a secret agent working for the C.I.A.
Her latest assignment from her superiors was to infiltrate the S.I.N.
organization headed by Seth in order to gather information on the BLECE
Project. Outfitted with a special suit armed with all sorts of gadgets
and weapons, including afterburners and tasers, she successfully gains
favor with Seth and, for the time being, works with him. When on duty,
she is known as Ms. Perfect for how seriously and efficiently she gets
the job done. Outside of work, however, she is a loving and caring
mother.

**In a nutshell** Fans have always likened C. Viper's style to that of
former veteran Captain Commando, so it made perfect sense to include her
in the lineup of MVC3. Just like in SF4, Viper is a mixup and rushdown
powerhouse. What makes her unique from other rushdown characters is the
inclusion of the EX versions of her moves from SF4. These versions
require one stock of meter each, so she is best used in conjunction with
a solid battery to supply her with meter. In addition, she has an
airdash to make her mixup more potent than before and to extend combos,
as well as a Focus Attack. To compensate for her speed and strength, her
health is below average.

### Players to Watch

Marlinpie, Full Schedule, Drew Grimey, KBeast, Unkn0wn, Busby

## Character Specific Information
