---
title: HarkeyNewberry811
slug: HarkeyNewberry811
id: 2296
author: HarkeyNewberry811
---

# HarkeyNewberry811

.

Learning building your own PERSONAL COMPUTER from scratch can be quite a
very difficult task once you learn nothing about computers. However once
you figure out how to do it as well as understand exactly how to handle
it, it actually will become quite enjoyable to be able to easily strip
down and increase old or fresh PC's. I would prefer to take this chance
to lay out the fundamental components of your personal computer and help
you figure out how to build a computer from scratch.

PC Components

The most widespread pc components that you will have to have are the
particular mouse, keyboard, hard drive, floppy drive, ram chips, sound
and visuals card, power supply, motherboard and monitor. I'm assuming
that you know what each one of these components look just like. If you
are usually unsure about a number of components just look for pictures
of them online and you will spot what they are.

Connection Process

Firstly you have to work with the mother board plus the mother board
increasing plate. Firstly, gently screw your motherboard onto the
caretaker board plate with all the notches or screws which has been
provided with the particular package or kit. Once this is done you will
need to insert the COMPUTER (Central Running Unit) directly into its
slot about the motherboard. Sometimes these COMPUTER sockets have levers
which you need to gently release for you to open it up so take note of
that. Gently slide the actual CPU into its socket making sure the pins
for the backside slide in correctly otherwise it might get damaged. You
can right now clip the lever back in place and be sure it is secure.

Now you must attach the heatsink to the CPU chip. You might realize that
the CPU already is sold with the heatsink/fan that come with it then you
can read even more. Now you should connect the little cable from the
actual heatsink fan for the corresponding socket about the motherboard
to supply it power.

The next step would be to place the ram chips to their respective slots
which are long and thin. Once this continues to be done you may mount
the motherboard installation plate onto the side of the computer and
screw/slip it in in order that it is attached effectively.

The power supply will be the next component to deal with. The power
supply area is generally located in the back of the pc case and is
indicated with screw holes which are unoccupied. Just try and also
maneuver it around to fit with the corresponding holes before you decide
to screw it in. The power supply includes a main system connector which
gets connected to the power slot about the motherboard, a floppy energy
connector which gets attached to the floppy drive as well as a few
standard peripheral strength connectors (crimson, yellow and dark wires)
which get connected to your hard pushes and cd roms. You will have to
mount the computer drives, cd roms and also floppy drives and also
connect them using those connectors ensuring that the red cable on each
energy connector is pointed inwards on the motherboard. I'll explain
precisely why below.

Right, now we move onto both the ports on the actual motherboard called
the key and secondary IDE Plug-ins. You will notice them because they
are rectangular together with brackets around these. these ports are
utilized to connect the computer drives and cd roms. The cables that get
connected to these two ports are 40 green IDE cables with have 3
internet connections on each cable tv. Make sure the longest perhaps the
cable is connected to the IDE ports. You need to connect the primary IDE
cable in the motherboard to the hard drive(s) and also the secondary IDE
port is used to connect your own DVD Roms for a motherboard. When you
put these IDE cables to the cdroms and hard drives be sure that the red
wire strip is side-by-side with the crimson wire strip in the power
connectors which can be connected to individuals devices. Consult your
manual when you have one to find out how to use the different jumpers to
change between master and salve drives upon each port. This will permit
you to choose which drives are primary and also secondary.

Now that the ability supply is connected to the motherboard as well as
the various other components you will have to plug graphics along with
sound card within their slots. Once this is done be sure to connect the
front panel connectors towards the corresponding LED lights so that your
lights will show up when the computer boots. Failure to do so can lead
to non function from the system. [psp demo](http://pspdemo.org)
