# Nemesis (UMVC3)

<center>

**EN TRAVAUX**

</center>

## Nemesis

![](/images/Umvc3_nemesis_face.jpg‎ "/images/Umvc3_nemesis_face.jpg‎") The
Nemesis T-Type is perhaps the greatest horror created by the Umbrella
Corporation. The product of an unholy fusion of a Tyrant and the G-Virus
parasite developed by William Birkin, it retains enough intelligence to
follow any order, and the particular order it was given was to kill any
and all surviving S.T.A.R.S. members, with its main target being Jill
Valentine. Nigh-invulnerable and wielding a rocket launcher with ease as
well as having several tentacles within its body, it relentlessly hunted
Jill. Upon being beaten, Nemesis went berserk and sacrificed its
intelligence and regeneration abilities for more power, mutating
uncontrollably until it devolved into a mindless, grotesque blob of
flesh and tentacles that proved to by highly-volatile when Jill finally
killed it for good.

**In a nutshell** The horrifying tank among monsters, Nemesis is an
absolute beast. What he lacks in mobility, he makes up for by having one
of the highest health values in the game, armored attacks, and sheer
damage output. By using his various armored attacks, Nemesis can get the
one hit he needs to go into surprisingly long combos using wall bounces
and ground bounces, doing obscene damage. And thanks to his Tentacle
Slams, the possibility of resets into instant death is extremely high.
And thanks to his ranged attacks, he can play a surprisingly strong
keepaway game as well.

### Players to Watch

Airtola, Floe, Dansgame, jDog, Fizzykups, residentevilrulz
